I've been teasing this for weeks, but
now it is here. Look what Casey just
built. So, instead of just searching for
uh people who search for a particular
keyword or visit a site or have a
something in their profile or an
individual URL, you can now describe
your audience to us. For example, people
interested in extreme long-distance
running and all the associated sports
products like lactic acid reducers and
super lightweight running shoes and
portable metabolic analyzers. And you
can choose your country and then Spark
Toro uses large language models a AI
right essentially to go we um are using
chat GPT's API for this and we make a
request that turns that description into
a list of likely associated domains and
behaviors and then analyze those domain
visitations and behaviors to produce a
report in Spark Toro that looks at
exactly what you want. You can describe
your audience with as much or as little
detail as you want. You can you can keep
it to five words if you want. You can
make it up to a thousand words long if
you want. All of that detail gets
captured in the data that's returned to
us. And then you can see a full Spark
Toro report using this description of
your audience. All you need is any paid
Spark Toro account. This is no longer
restricted to the $300 tier. You can
just describe your audience here and
then they'll be saved in your custom
audiences section. You'll see them all
in there. It's really easy to use and
makes it so that you can give us as much
detail as you want about an audience.
Try it out.